oh hi sorry I didn't see you there I
this I guess this is as good a time as
any to do my next blog entry or vlog I
guess it is last time we talked about
cleaning sinks if you've been watching
and I gave you a tip about how you can
clean your sink using only baking soda
any kind of baking soda will work don't
forget that part
well right now I'm about to clean my
carpets with baking soda it's really
easy all you need to clean your carpets
with baking soda is a bowl any bowl will
do it doesn't have to look like this one
some baking soda big baking soda and
then some flavoring I like to use tea
tree oil can you read that
tea tree oil what you're gonna do is
take your baking soda any kind will do
and you're going to pour it into the
bowl like this I usually like to use
more than that but I don't have that
much left and then what you do is you
take the top off whatever you're going
to flavor it I guess you're not really
flavouring it because you don't want to
eat it it's not very tasty so watch I'll
take the top off with this see this
little smell mmm
teaching and then what I'm going to do
is put the tea tree oil into the baking
soda like this
when you're done putting the baking soda
into the bowl like that I like to use a
fork and just stir it a little and that
will help mix the baking soda with the
tea tree oil or whatever lovely aroma
you decide to use I'm mixing it right
now you may have some clumps in your
baking soda it's okay you can just crush
them with the fork then when you're done
crushing all the little pieces and
mixing in your flavor I mean your your
scent then what you're going to do is
put this on your carpet and what I like
to do is just use my fork and kind of
just scoop it out there another thing
you can do or something that you're
going to do after that would be to just
leave it on the carpet for like five or
ten minutes and that will really help
the baking soda and your your scent to
penetrate your carpet and then and then
after you've done that you vacuum
because you don't want to leave it on
your carpet because it looks looks like
rat poison or something or something
looks could be something it looks like
something else maybe I don't know but
you and you it doesn't look good so
you've vacuumed it up and that sort of
spreads the baking soda around to making
your carpets doubly scented and that's
uh that's the tip so I hope you enjoyed
this tip about baking soda and I guess
I'll see you next time yeah